_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: false # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

added bio to about page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: false # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: false # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

I'm a Senior Technical Writer and UX Writer with 14+ years of experience helping people understand complex things — whether that's an API, an enterprise software product, or a mountain pass at 4,500 metres.
I've worked across SaaS, FinTech, Telecom, PLM, and Travel industries, building documentation that developers actually read and UX copy that users actually understand. My work spans API reference guides, developer portals, UX microcopy, content strategy, and information architecture — tools of the trade include Oxygen XML, Swagger, Figma, GitBook, and a docs-as-code mindset that keeps everything version-controlled and sane.
Right now I'm at AI Technical Writing.com, architecting content strategies for AI products and helping engineering teams speak human.

When I'm not wrestling with documentation, I'm on a bicycle — preferably somewhere that has no business being cycled on. I've pedalled some of the highest, most dangerous, and most breathtaking highways in the world and written about every one of them on Medium. Every photograph you see in those pieces was taken by me — no stock images, no shortcuts. Just a camera, a bicycle, and whatever the road offers that day.
I started Inner Wheel Journeys as a way to share these rides with people who can't make them yet. I believe in sustainable, human-powered transport — not as a lifestyle trend, but as a genuine way of being in the world. Cycling, walking, and everything that moves without burning something precious.

Nature grounds me. Philosophy orients me. I find myself returning again and again to Nisargadatta Maharaj's radical directness, Jiddu Krishnamurti's quiet dismantling of everything you thought you knew, and Swami Vivekananda's insistence that strength is the only virtue worth cultivating. Osho, selectively and carefully, for the moments when you need someone to say the uncomfortable thing out loud.
I like making friends. I think that's underrated as a life skill.
If you want to talk about documentation, developer experience, a cycling route, a philosophy book, or just something you've been thinking about — reach out. I'm usually somewhere between a deadline and a mountain.
